Thank you all for coming today
Come to my Han family's Tianyuan meeting
To put it bluntly
This pastoral meeting is for my Han family tiger
The matter of closed disciples
You all know that.
My Han family is martial arts for generations
Since today is to choose a closed disciple
There are so many talents from big families here again
How should I choose?
I feel only contempt
Today we will communicate with martial arts
Of course, my Han family does not rely solely on personal ability
It also depends on the strength of the family
The leader of each family
Can sell the door customers of each family
To act as a proxy
So I'm going to randomly split the two points.
The final winner
Will be the closed disciple of my ancestor of the Han family
This competition is all about the assassination contract
If there are casualties, my Han family will not be responsible.
I really don't understand
He's only a handful of years old.
What else do you want to do during the winter vacation?
If you can become a closed disciple of the ancestor of the Han family
With cultivation
At least an extra 100 years